certain that the poems of Cesar Pavese with
the paraphrases are just proof of
stupid good friend mike is so
stupid that he wouldn't understand if for
not even my friend teddy no
never trust that really really
stupid trusted my teddy friend is
the stupidest man on earth my
friend mike is so stupid he thinks
that the vegetable past is vegetable or v
my teddy friend is so stupid
that if you tell him give me a 5 he tells you
that only coin
my friend mike is so stupid that
when does a show pointing in
bis 2 answers no thanks I'm full on
my friend ted is so stupid that a
who wants to be a millionaire when gerry
he introduced himself said pleasure scotti
he said they are not so beautiful
my friend mike is so stupid that
he wonders how planes fly
even if they don't have the beak my friend
ted is so stupid than in school
when he had to say the 3 times table
said 3 for 13 3 x 2 3x3 room discounts
square 3x4 machine with almost all the
3x5 drive wheels the madonna that discounts
three people with 3 for seven tones
i go immediately my friend mike is so
stupid than before making a deal with
the guitar that my notary loves
friend teddy is so stupid that he believes
that a Pekingese is a dog that makes a
lot of photos my friend mike is
so stupid that when it has to open
a panic bar opens it like this
my friend ted is so stupid that
when sleeping instead of the rem phase
at the truce stage my friend
mike betrays you is so stupid that
when they tell you, you have your head
clouds
he answers my heels will be
friend teddy is so stupid that
when he was a child he said my child was stupid
friend mike is so stupid that he is there
they bring a coffee, he brings it
at the vas here my teddy friend is
so stupid that when I tell them about it
ca lu his great singing teddy just 5
[Music]
[Applause]